The chosen one. The hero. Sometimes he can scarcely believe it’s him of all cats—aren’t heroes supposed to be born of greatness? He fiercely loved his parents Dancingjellyfish and Hedgehogash, but they were just normal warriors. His sister was the special one, hand-chosen to be medicine cat apprentice, and he was proud of her. He was a little upset they wouldn’t train together, and a little jealous, but he loved Vixenpaw and he was proud of her. He was just a normal cat then; he remembers those kit days fondly, though they feel distant as a dream. One he became an apprentice everything changed as the StarClan warrior Yellowmoon informed of his tragic destiny. His sister was inept, she was confused, she was wrong, and if she was allowed to become a healer she would take lives by accident instead of saving them. Brakewings was the only one that could stop her— by taking her place. He wrestled with the decision for moons as he trained, but as their parents and siblings Doekit and Wolverinekit perished, he started to believe his spirit guide was right. He became a warrior but it wasn’t his destiny and he had to become medicine cat before it was too late, or all those deaths would be on his paws. Brakewings is a calm and brave cat, reasonable, with a good heart and a warm smile. He wants to help his clan to the best of his ability and his confidence has only grown with the revelations about his future. He’s a bit of a pushover and tends to nod along even when he doesn’t agree, then act on his own when he has time. When he believes he’s in the right, Brakewings is impulsive: when nobody is watching he’ll disobey an order or look after an enemy because his conscience urges him too. Yellowmoon taught him herbs alongside warrior moves, different herbs than his mentor, and he tends to believe his sprit guide over the living. A solemn and determined tom that believes the best of his clanmates, it never occurred to him to question Yellowmoon’s story, so he is unaware of the truth: it’s all a lie. The Dark Forest she-cat fabricated everything and only wants to use him to harm the clan, and he’s playing right into her paws.

Just when EarthClan had lost its medicine cats, a loner showed up at the border. Older, mature, with an intelligent light in his eyes. Long black hairs, multi-shaded gold eyes, and whiskers white with age. He didn't share much about his past with them, and most assumed he was born and raised outside of clan influence; he has no intention to correct their thinking, to explain that he really was born as a pure-blooded EarthClan cat. He's visited many walks of life in his lifetime, and it left him wise, with an appreciation for the simple and the complex. Where he learned the art of herbs he also won't share, but his knowledge is extensive. One could assume he has a long-lost mentor. Ebonygold lives a quiet life, listening and helping, but not often does he share about himself. Where he came from, how he learned what he knows, if he had a family. He may not have one now, but at some point he might've had brothers or sisters. He's old enough any kits he may have had would be a young warrior's age. Over time he opened up only to two - his apprentice, Ambersky, and the SunClan medicine cat Mountainsound. When it came to be that he was forced to leave, he did so, fleeing to the clan of his best friend. There the old tom could not be a healer anyone, and he learned long ago he is not fit of the life of a warrior; and so he found himself retired to the elder's den, taking up the role of the clumsy elder. Attempting to interrogate him will only leave one with the impression he had a mind of stone and will not crack under any sort of pressure, no matter how great the burden.

Summer night sneaking out from behind her moms back felt like trouble, lighting a thrill in her heart and throwing caution to the wind. Her paws skimmed the earth as she followed her brother out the back. Maybe if Harv hadn’t taken notice of the other kit they could have never left their peaceful childhood and quiet clan life. But the moment they walked out of the nursery with the other kit at their side they left their peace and quiet far behind, forgotten as a toy. DayClan was the big destination, the neighboring clan full of wheat. She had never left camp a day in her life though, the tunnels winded and the thrill of becoming lost intoxicated her mind, begging her paws to move further, see what was around every corner. If there was a string tied around her tail she would have tied herself up exploring every crevice if she could. When they emerged from the tunnels there was a river in their way and a long way to DayClan if they walked all the way around. Harv and Sweet chose to brave it, but they were older, a bit more nimble with sharper claws to hang onto rocks. The other kit was younger, more clumsy and his claws hadn’t grown in. He slipped, cracked his head open on a rock while choking down on water. No one knows if the head injury killed him or if he drowned. Harv and Sweet never blamed themselves, they blamed it on the twisting maze, the adults for not paying better attention, the current for being too fast, and the rocks for being too slippery. The guilt of killing the kit ran over her mind like she was water and the guilt was water. Never allowing it to touch her, but it poisoned her pureness nonetheless. The Sun God had little sympathy and cursed her and her brother to be forced to feel the pain the kit felt. They were hacking up water, heads pounding for a whole week as they suffered and lived. A slave to their own mortality, death follows Sweet closely. She has many near death experiences, but nothing can ever be enough to end her suffering. Sweet is very conflicted on where her heart lies in SunClan, sometimes dreaming of finding refuge in DayClan among the sweet wheat. Written by Faith.

A small black-and-white tom with dark green eyes, he looks exactly like his father. He wasn't raised knowing Deal was his parent, but he certainly did not look like Foxbane, Funk E'tan, or Glowstar. Energetic, loving, sincere, and resolute, he sticks by his beliefs and some cats find that charming. His handsome appearance would help his charisma if he wasn't constantly dirty and untidy. He dislikes rain and is terrified of lightning. Personality generated by flurryofstars.

A velvety gray-brown feline with thick black stripes and fairy light yellow eyes. Born to Ebonygold and Mountainsound, he was stolen away to DayClan to be raised in a safer environment. He/they.

Some cats think his senses are unnaturally heightened because he hears and sees what other cats don't. In truth, Tink is merely observant and has a keen gaze that allows him to pick out subtle changes in a crowd. A silver tabby with one orange-amber eye and one ice blue.

Being normal is being a failure. After watching his driven, successful father take on the world and never give up, he knew he could never he an average cat. It feels wrong to be average, to be forgotten, and he believes he must strive for beyond. Though Floodfate was never the hero of the story, he didn't want to be the villain either; but he's prone to jealousy and bitterness and ignoring his emotions, and he lashes out and makes bad choices and takes the easy route of criminal behavior. He was doted on by his leader early in life and though he loved the attention, the rebellious little tom was too upset to see her giving his brother special treatment as well. He lashed out and refused to listen to her after that, angry that she treated him like a child and tried to restrict his freedom. By the time the floods destroyed his home, he was already planning on running away, and when they moved to SunClan the young initiate found himself allured by the Shadow Era cats. When the plan went south he fled with some of the other rogues and made his life as a loner stealing from others, until one day when he was caught and barely escaped with his life. He fled to NightClan and changed his name to Floodfate, where he seeks to escape his roots without a clear path to do so. He doesn’t know how to avoid falling back on his old destructive and criminal habits, and he fears being normal, so he's trapped on a hill he climbs. Emotionally distant, he has never known how to share his feelings and struggles to understand his own emotions, much less anyone else's. He's vain and self-centered and never had a chance to properly grow up. Floodfate hates being babied and not taken seriously, and cats used to fawn over his cherubic looks, though luckily they've stopped after his looks were marred by his latest scars. He's suspicious of other cats and doesn't know how to let them get close or how to accept help, and cats that come on too strong or flirtatious freak him out. Floodfate doesn't know how to trust anybody but himself, and though he knows he needs a new life, he doesn't know what it looks like or how he'll get there. A rounded solid gray tom with white markings, Floodfate bears the marks of his former life: the fur hasn't grown back over the deep scars on his chest and shoulder, and his left ear is missing along with part of his upper lip.

Impeccably sharp with his short, dense blue coat and white toes, Stormreign is an incredibly handsome tom. He has the proper formal look of a former Commander, well-groomed and clean, with a prideful lean neck tall enough to look over his heads of many of his shorter groupmates. His coat isn't dark as some of the tunnel dwellers, but he was born on the surface high above and many leagues away, where his dark fur melted into the shade of the juniper bushes and the cool reflection of the lake. It doesn't match his new territory either, but he adjusted long ago. Syndactyl, he only has three white toes on each forepaw, plus his dewclaw. Stormreign's charisma is matched by his wit and he's quick with a flirty joke; his flashy nature keeps him in the spotlight where he loves to be. He doesn't fit into crowds as well as his brother Fujin, even when he laughs he feels the separation and can't quite manage the same level of levity, but nonetheless most forget to notice his discomfort. His deep blue gaze is intense, alluring and playful and dangerous -- dangerous, because he has a strong sense of humor, but a weak grasp on morality. He spent a few moons in the League which only eroded his few moral qualms even further, leaving his siblings without a care at all, and him reluctantly clinging to the few honorable tenants he knew. There's always been a hint of weakness in him he can't break, a hesitation when it comes to purely serving his own self, that nags at him in the night. He can't quite become ruthless, but he's a free cat, and he doesn't like restrictions either. Approaching the Regime was his test, motivated by a fleeting hope the strict order would push some sense into his mind, or else drive him absolutely mad. He can't be convinced it has done either. Stormreign leans into the chaos, he tastes the wilderness and yearns for more, and he can't deny its call. His public persona is far more outgoing than the cat in private: alone with a friend, he relaxes, and he becomes softer. The intensity never leaves him, never fades from his enchanting eyes, but he's warm and excitable and honest -- he's open, and when his openness is received well, he swoons. Stormreign is a romantic at heart and he always dreams of the next step, of finding the perfect cat to spend his life with. He knows most of the cats he falls for won't return his feelings or will inevitable crush his heart, but he doesn't mind; isn't a minute of love worth the heartbreak? He refuses to stop giving his heart away. It's his own fault, really, that he is so easily enchanted. He has no respect for personal space, sometimes seems to lack understanding of it entirely, and isn't afraid to admit his innermost feelings to a stranger. He has little restraint and any cat that listens delights him almost as much as he is overjoyed to hear their stories. He is his own demise, but he doesn't mind; he's the storm and chaos and he lets it all go. Nothing ever lasts forever, not even love. If he is deeply entangled in his heartstrings today, tomorrow he will set his sights on someone else. Nothing in his life has been permanent, not even his leadership. He pushes himself to try new things and he loves to explore boundaries, because not even consequences will last him. After he escaped the Regime's prison he was forced to recover with barn cats for a few moons, his body bruised from his getaway that torrential night, but once he found his freedom he set out for the clans. Flamingstar was only his friend, and he knew she wouldn't turn him away if he wanted to be at her side. The window for romance between them has long since closed, but he doesn't mind having her as an ally while he gathers his bearings and wonders where the storm will take him next.

His name being one of many references, he has become a cat of modest mystery with a fair stock of patience. It could be taken obviously, as a reference to the ultimate killer of all, shading him in a rather dark and unflattering light; but it could just as well be taken to reference the short waste of time his parents spend together, each one with a love of their own, making their love unlikely and without purpose; or perhaps it comes from the same roots of his older brother Numberedhunt, all of whom who knew the father understood what peculiar obsession it was in reference to; or there is the simpler possibility that it was just a spin of his mother's name, Foxhour. The last is easy to presume and appears benign, but truly it has its own implications: her name, while unknown to others, is her own spin on the witching hour, the hour when she will strike down countless souls in vengeance for her mate's betrayal. Most cats don't know half the meanings of his name, but just being aware of one is enough to draw an air of caution about him, or the knowledge of his parents. Neither one is known for their loyalty, switching clans without thought and moving from fling to fling. His features are a blend of each cat, long, slender, and angular; willowy and sharp, the rest of his lithe body is hidden beneath a medium auburn coat. The perfect combination of each parent, he takes a middle stance, and this philosophy continues into his life. Time is known for his neutrality, the way he observes from afar and does not intervene unless given a strict and clear command. His eyes are sharp and, when used, take note of everything, and yet he does nothing. He is not inclined to witty remarks or cruelty, preferring his own solitary path. That does not mean he will not gather others around him in a facade of normalcy, and indeed he will occasionally be stirred to laugh along with them, but his mind is a beast of its own and dwells in a separate realm. His friends will not be seems detached, and does not often smile to show any signs of pleasure; that he has no interest in hunting or fighting and becomes increasingly serious. Indeed, one of the few ways to rise a reaction from him is to bring about topics of mortality or remarks on cat behavior; when he is eager and focus, it tends him toward obsession, where he latches onto his subject and follows insistently, beyond curious by their thoughts, moods, or reactions. Once he finds an idea he cannot let it go. Mild but shrewd, he makes snap judgments and takes long periods of time to overturn them. Morals are a figment of the imagination created to keep lesser cats in line, and by no means is he bound to their laws. Indeed, it is luck that he is not inclined to romance, else he would have no qualms about crossing lines to seek a mate. No, the only interest romance holds to him is the question of what drives it, and how to use it; if he can understand how to ruin faith in relationships, nothing is impossible.

He may have his father’s black and white pelt and his easy grace, but Inkspray is dead to him. Once he idolized the older tom, admired and imitated everything he did, but then he saw the truth— saw his father standing over his clanmate’s body with blood in his whiskers and a cruel look of satisfaction. Dorsalpaw never turned him in, and they each pretended the other never existed. He became a Mudlark Apprentice to escape the unintentionally hurtful comments about following in his old man’s footsteps, worked hard to prove himself, and when their order disbanded found himself mentored by his former Mudlark Commander. Against his will Creekghost became a surrogate father, one Dorsalray teased and annoyed to no end. The flood destroyed their clan and he saved his mentor’s mate, earning himself the right to travel with them, and though he’d never admit it, this is a better life than he ever hoped for. His new name, Ghostcrown, took him hours to craft: it had to be perfectly mocking and arrogant, an allusion to his mentor but also a sign of his own glory. Ray is a strapping tall lad, black with minimal white on his chest, toes, and tail-tip, and white on the bridge of his nose above a scruffy black chin. He’s arrogant, mocking, conceited, and suave— and he does it all with such a playful grin, it’s more of a joke than an insult, and it makes him that little bit more sufferable.

The man, the myth, the legend. They called him a mop, a dirty dish rag, an old rug, washed out velcro; they claimed his eyes were lovely, 90 year old smokers-eye yellow eyes. They joked about using him to sweep the dens. Enough! Is it so surprising his yellow eyes are so dark and wrathful? His fur stands on end out of rage, not because it's impossible to groom! Beneath that indistinguishable mass of gray hair is the glaring face of an unleashed demon. So what if he gets thorns tangled in his matted, disgusting pelt? Thorns are weapons to destroy his enemies when he leans against them! They are percise instruments like his claws, dangerous like his yellowed broken fangs that probably cause a terrible life-threatening infection with a single bite, assuming they don't break off entirely when he bites down. He is Festeringfruit, and he is death incarnate. He is coming for you. He will not let you mock him any longer. It is time.

A thin and long-legged silver lynx-point tom with bright blue eyes. His pelt is an eggshell white, his stripes breaking up the coloration like cracks in the casing, further accented with his trademark frown. Grumpysparrow was born with a sour attitude. In fact, he came into the world hissing and spitting, and continued to do so to every new cat he met until about half-way through his apprenticeship. At first the Clan believed it was because he was suffering some sort of painful health condition like his siblings but, no, it was just his nature; however, it did not take long for their suspicions to become reality. Shortly after becoming a Warrior, he was diagnosed with Entropion eyes. This condition causes his eyelids to curl slightly inwards, meaning that his eyes are constantly scraped by his eyelashes. It began as mildly irritating, but over time it caused eye ulcers to develop that cannot heal due to the constant stimulation of his eyelashes. His vision began to gradually fade until he was totally blind, which, for the record, brought no relief from the pain. Grumpysparrow tends to lash out at others, especially if they ask him how he is doing. He feels very alone in the world and is bitter toward the Sun God for allowing him to suffer as much as he does. His one solace are his birds, which meet him at the same spot at the same time every day, which he feeds a special mixture of seeds. The Clan knows better than to hunt his dear “pets,” starvation favorable to being on this tom’s bad side.

Ashhop is a very creative cat, and his mind is always whirling with new ideas. His expertise is limited to very few subjects, however, and social skills is not one of them. He's awkward, has no confidence, and tends to screw up any early relationships with his blunt observations and insistence that the other cats follow his own fussy, borderline-obsessive perfectionist impulses. He is completely unaware of his own wants and needs, oblivious to others, and crippled by indecision when he's alone. He needs other cats to help him make good choices and is lost when he doesn't have a confident, sensitive cat to follow around and be his voice. Dark gray with off-putting light grey speckles on his face and flanks, and one paw that's even lighter grey. Light green eyes.

Dragonkit is a little loser. A complete weirdo, he can't even say normal phrases correctly. Nobody bothers to correct him anymore. And when it comes to eating? Better not be any fur or no can do! He'd rather starve. Maybe he'll get used to starving though for the good of the clan. After all, a wher-ior must do what is best for his clanmates. But then things changed when his mother died, and what was the point of this story again? Dragonkit is impatient, and recklessly impulsive. He dives into situations head first, only thinking about his actions when things have already started to go wrong and its far to late to change course.

Wolves tend to bring a beautiful image to mind, of a graceful, sinewy creature with elegant furs and long whiskers. Bold, proud, and sensitive, they're appreciated for their loyalty as much as their ferocity. But for one with a name so beautiful, this is one ugly hound with all of the ferocity and none of the beauty. His original name was lost ages ago, and he took the name of Singed when he was a young apprentice. Most don't know his story, but he does; he remembers clearly how they'd crept upon the twoleg fire to discover it, and his brother pushed him in and fled when he thought twolegs were returning. He'd been a cute kitten, and there was potential for him to be mildly handsome as an adult, but it was gone in a wisp of smoke.His cheek is bare other than a few short black hairs, twisted and stiff, that attempted to grow through his burned skin. Scars and bald spots from the embers decorate his expression, searing patches near his ears and down his muzzle, on his long, lean neck. His left eye is partially closed and red from where the smoke stained it, and though it can see, the image is blurry and uncertain at best. His expression is dark and brooding, occasionally twisted in a violent hatred, but he never smiles. Others flinch away from his horrible appearance, but he doesn't care, doesn't let it affect him. Hard as a rock, tough and unchanging, only a fool would believe there's something other than ice in his soul, that a heart exists within his chest. Don't expect mercy on his accord; anyone spared must be of some value alive rather than dead, or the call of his leader beckons him back. Untamed, he is a vicious fighter and rough at all times, ensuring that any kittens who get past his grotesque looks are chased away by the wild bitterness. He's just as likely to kill a kit as to watch over them.The rest of his coat, a smoky white-and-grey with dark umber eyes, is the sleek frame over a muscled body. When one loses his looks, he turns instead to a great physical prowess to account for it; where he has lost any sense of handsomeness and doesn't have that certain wily edge, his brute strength is intimidating in his shape, and his sinewy body is not only strong but swift. Light on his paws, though he is no water dancer, the hound knows how to use tooth and claw to carve out his advantage with a terrible certainty. He came to SunClan after a lifetime of servitude to Goldenstar of WinterClan, a burned shard carrying a scrap of fur that used to be their heiress. As she rose through the ranks in SunClan, he dreaded the day he would undergo his initiation, and see flames burst beneath his muzzle. With his grim, unsmiling nature it isn't surprising to know he'd like to see the world burn... though truly, he'd prefer to see it washed away in blood, as fire is the one enemy he fears to fight.

A cat has rarely been so ruthlessly cruel. The impulsive tomcat is built like stone: impossibly massive with dense corded muscle, shoulders broad as some tree trunks, thickly stacked and heavy as a boulder, his strength is unmatched by the average cat and he brags about taking down trained fighters in a single blow that split them throat to navel. He may be slow, but his hulking frame absorbs minor damage and any cat that gets close enough to hurt him comes at great risk of personal farm. Once he gets his immensely strong jaws around them, there is no escape. A myriad of scars lace the skin beneath his thick ash-dark pelt, but they're barely visible under the swirling soot and oil fur. A powerful threat to face in any battle, his inner darkness matches his coat, and his past is as cruel as any rogue. He was born in WinterClan, where he murdered his little sister, burned his brother's face, and murdered his father. He was exiled from the clan when they couldn't find proof of his crimes, and he wandered alone with bands of rogues, preying on the land for year after year. Finally, when his brother caught his attention, he returned to the clans and chose to settle in SunClan. Mountain is not an intelligent cat, but he is brutal, and whatever plans he has for his family and his clan, he will not be deterred.

A self-assured leader, his confidence acts as a natural charisma. Any cat that witnesses the strength of the close bonds he forms with his friends might be equally entranced, perhaps because of how intuitive he can be to the needs of his companions; but one truth very quickly becomes evidence: he is a valuable ally, but Summershadow is hard to live with. His group-oriented nature is only helpful if a cat is willing to put with his stubborn nature and his absolute insensitivity to anyone's negligent problems other than his own. He dominates a conversation, always finding a way to insert himself into the center of attention, and he's prone to cutting off quieter cats mid-sentence. Summershadow finds it difficult to waste his time on other cats that he isn't closely bonded with. A mostly-black tom whose fur bronzes in the sunlight with one white-tipped ear and amber-orange eyes.

Named for her calm demeanor and soft voice, she's one of the softest-spoken cats in the clan and many assume she has nothing important to say. She's a pacifist, the smallest of her litter and the one that likes to handle problems quietly; cats look at her once, note that she struggles to tell anyone no, and write her off as another pushover. She doesn't always let it show, but she hates it when cats ignore her: they underestimate her over and over again just because she has a little bit of self control, because she's empathetic enough to avoid hurting everyone else's feelings. Does that make her a bad cat or overly soft? She doesn't believe so. She's a traditionalist and a strong believer in second chances. Innovation is too messy and all too often she sees it as cats trying to show off, so she'd rather keep to the status quo and let things rest as they have always been. Change rattles her more than she would like, and she struggles with high-pressure situations, especially when they involve violence. She was found by Levee and Nereus along with her siblings Ignitedskies, Royalflame, Wraithvapor, and Midnightmasquerade. A pure white she-cat with one blue eye and one yellow.

Snowshod is afraid of the dark. He isn’t afraid when the moon is out, he knows his God will always be at his side to protect him. The luminous brightness overhead is comforting, and when he sees the silver-white shine of his short fur, he can feel the Moon God’s paws alongside him. But sometimes the moon goes away, dies to a little sliver then for a night does not appear, and that great suffocating darkness chokes Snowshod. Tunnels, caves, and other dark enclosed areas have the same claustrophobic effect, and he quivers and mewls like a baby kitten until he sees the light again. He was born into the dark, birthed late at night when his mother Cowflop sneaked from the camp and went into labor early, and that night she perished there was no moon. He was raised by his aunt Hollyfrost and as a result is very close with the she-cat and wishes she was his true mother instead of her sister, though that thought always comes with a thrill of guilt. Snowsnod is an undersized white tom with a few black spots and wide innocent eyes. He is easily manipulated, vulnerable and naive and guilty, but his soft and warm heart often convinces those who would do him harm to leave him alone. He is a sweet young fellow and doesn’t want to do anyone harm, least of all his family, friends, and clan. His siblings are Whitewatch, Chillfurrow, and Frostfruit. His father was a loner named Farmpelt.

An unduly cautious huntress with a keen eye for the unknown, her distinguishing quirks are easy to overlook— she isn't particularly gorgeous, rough-edged, and slightly lopsided, with a focus crease in the side of her jaw from biting her lip— and her quiet nature doesn't attract attention. She tends to keep to herself as well, not because she dislikes company, but because she doesn't always understand how to take the extra step in bonding with others. She can be cordial and friendly on patrols, but she doesn't know how to translate that to spending time with cats outside of work, just for enjoyment. She's very good at her job when it comes to communicating with the other clans, she's just incredibly lonely sometimes without a friend to return to after a long day. Carvedsnow missed out on bonding with the other cats her age when she was a kit and never fully recovered her social standing. When she was a moon old, she was found in a coma after suffering an unexplained stroke and was only roused six moons later. There's a bit of strangeness to her gait, to her lopsided figure, but her mind works as well as they can imagine it ever did— she was lost too young to have grown into her body and its hard to differentiate between her personality quirks and any remaining effects of her mysterious coma. She is eternally grateful to her family for looking after her during those moons, despite the stress it must have caused them; her parents, Snowshod and Spookbat, certainly had enough to worry about without her condition. Sometimes she still fears she'll return to that unresponsive state, stares into the dark and wonders if sudden death is lurking around the corner, and she is always on her toes as a result, hyper-aware of any strange feelings inside her, undue sleepiness, or sounds in nature around her. She has a great curiosity for mysteries as well, not only her own but all unexplained and abstract phenomena in the clans. It isn't unusual to see her black-and-white pelt creeping around the edges of fallen monsters or edging too close to the darkness of the tunnels, musing muzzle buried deep beneath the earth. She wants to know everything, to test the boundaries and find reasonable explanations for every mystery and resists the idea of a miracle, an accident, a coincidence. Sister to Frozenlaughter, Beetleboo, and Hauntedmoon, she's a tall white she-cat with black patches, clear blue eyes, a crooked sloped stance that droops to the left, and rough unkempt edges.

A black and white tom with a dark forest green gaze. Scars on his left cheek from repeated trauma, a thin scar around his throat from his last execution, one ear tip torn off from a fox fight, three scars over his heart (Sentinel badge). Coat is shot with flecks of white, and there's a touch of grey on his muzzle.

Compared to his intelligent brother Orion, Cygnus often feels inadequate. He's a smart cat, but he doesn't learn as quickly as his brother, and he can't understand the quick leaps Orion is capable of making to arrive at conclusions. He has to work through every step slowly, he has to mumble to himself until he eventually comes to the same conclusion. He feels slow mentally slow whenever he spends too much time with Orion - and he loves his fiercely anyway, he wouldn't give him up for the world, but sometimes he gets frustrated with how hard it is for him to retain and use new information. Whenever Orion makes a mistake, or anyone cat exposes they don't know some obscure fact that Cygnus does, he pounces on the opportunity. A little mocking laugh, a disbelieving gasp, he makes a big scene so everyone can see that he is smarter than someone else. Sometimes he'll even use slang and abbreviations he knows other cats won't understand just so he has a chance to be melodramatic and seek that brief feeling of superiority. He tends to brush these situations off after, feeling a little guilty for taking cheap shots at his friends. Yet Cygnus continues to be unintentionally harsh. He often makes jokes at others' expense and if they voice their dislike, he tends to ignore them and keep bringing up the same humiliating story. He can be forgetful and share secrets before he remembers that he shouldn't. He can be a difficult cat to get along with sometimes, but he has a good heart: when he isn't lashing out about his insecurities, he can be great comic relief and very supportive - just like his father, Landon. He won't sit and listen to your problems like his brother will: instead, he'll give a few quick words of advice, then take the troubled cat to explore the city or do anything else to distract them. Often there's nothing he can do to solve everyone else's heartbreak so he doesn't even try, he just moves on to reminding them about the good things in their life. Cygnus tackles life head on and likes to be active and in motion. He gets fidgety when idle and often will zone out, his mind drifting into space and only coming back minutes later when he's completely missed out on what's going on. He has ambition but it's undirected, he wants to be someone important but he doesn't know how to leave his mark on the world. He isn't worried about making the wrong choice in life, he can always change his mind later, he's more concerned with trying everything and perhaps bumbling into opportunity along the way. Cygnus hasn't made a big impact yet, but he's found small ways to let the world know he was one here: a pawprint in drying cement, scratches in the fence, a can of paint he spilled on a restaurant table. Cygnus is a cream tabby with blue eyes, like his mother Urania, though his fur is mottled with white from lying in the sun and a few accidents involving bleach.

"Our hero, our hero claims a warrior's heart . . . it's an end to the evil and all Skyrim's foes . . . when the darkness has passed, and the legend yet grows . . . by his honor is sworn to keep evil forever at bay! The fiercest foes rout when they hear triumph's shout! Dragonborn, for your blessing we pray!" (The Dragonborn Comes, Malukah) Bold, arrogant, flashy — he was built to be the king, engineered from the ground up with an attitude to match. On the surface, he's unafraid to flaunt himself, from his handsome muscular form to his particular skills; and he loves making clever comments and annoying his sister whenever he can. He's somewhat childish in nature, always joking and playing around, teasing lightly, but it doesn't mean he can't sober up quick: when a serious situation arises, he's learned to reintroduce the protective nature he obtained as a kitten and do his best to protect the clan. He wants to be leader, a powerful cat, to impress his friends and family, and to prove he can be accomplished. It isn't easy to fit into the pawsteps of his parents, not when one is Phoenixstar and the other is a descendant of leaders (and when his polydactyl paws are a bit too big to fit neatly within the pawprint), and he fights every day to make himself a place in the world. A tom designed for power, his sleek black coat outlines a form consisting of large muscles beneath that teasing smirk.

After the divorce, he realized how much of his life he had invested in a relationship that wasn't working. He spent years with a mate that never loved him and cheated on him constantly, who went on fiery rampages and executed her enemies and took over clans, but by then he was already committed. He had fallen in love with Foxstar, had given up everything he treasured to be with her, and he refused to believe it had all been for nothing. But eventually he had to face the truth. Condorstrike was drawn to power just like his father, but he was far out of his realm, and desire had left him naïve. He had given up on the small joys in his life in pursuit of his stolen daughter, despite the indifference of his mate; he isolated himself from his own flesh and blood to form a new family he never felt comfortable around; he found himself lost in an empty new clan worshipping strange gods he loathed and feared. When Foxstar left him, he had nothing left from years of his life but regrets. He went to visit his estranged daughter, but she turned him away. With nowhere left to go, he had to start a new life, and he found himself seeking a new start in SummerClan. It won't be easy to start over and make something of himself, but he has to try, because he can't stand to finish his life alone and unaccomplished. For once in his life he wants to be a self-made cat, to have his own life and joys and accomplishments; he doesn't know if he will ever find love again, so he must make himself into a cat he can accept and love. Maybe with time his family will forgive him and let him back into their lives. In his new life, he discovered how very little he truly knows, and he wants to learn more, to be better educated, but he has no idea where to start. He knows how to hunt and fight and fish like a WaterClan cat, but he yearns for something new. Condorstrike has always feared not being good enough, and Foxstar used that fear against him; he can't let that happen again. After his experience with her, he became much more cautious around other cats and struggles to let them get close. He is an honest and open cat, but there are many truths he is uncomfortable sharing, despite knowing the value in getting them out there. He can be overly cautious and reads into body language more than words, hoping to chase out any deceit that way, but tries to keep in mind the inherent goodness of most cats around him. Genuine compliments, even just small things, touch him and make him genuinely happy to the point it can be almost overwhelming. Condorstrike is a good cat, even if he may not realize it; he works hard to be better than he is and he can only hope it works. He has been lonely for so long, all he wants is a peaceful, mundane life of helping his clan and finding a friend or two along the way. A brown agouti tabby with muddy brown eyes and a touch of white on his muzzle, as he aged he lost some of the youthful roundness that made him comely.

He is an intense believer in the physical realm — the grass beneath his paws, the sun hanging above his head, the soft cry of a kit being born. He pays little mind to religious matters, a stern and devout atheist, and while he is not dumb or inarticulate, the subtle intricacies of the world are lost on him. He is known for his steaming hot head and war hawk personality, ready to leap to his paws and defend himself at every minor transgression, challenging authority when he disagrees with their opinion. It has landed him into trouble more than once, but his unvanquished rage defines him. Too much time spend thinking is frustrating to such a hands-on tom, who would rather face his enemy in a fight than negotiate with them; he backs up his statements with power. Ragingspire is not an overly violent or angry cat. He stands up for himself, though, and won't let anyone push him or his clan around. Fiercely loyal and dedicated, none can question his devotion to his clan, or his heart. Passion is not always a bad thing, and has served him well on more than one occasion. His fire stems from his emotional side, and in the end he is a family man, though valuing kin above clan is a difficult struggle for him. The only reason he exhibits such explosive fury or opinions is because he cares deeply for the cats around him, and he does not play Devil's Advocate — his opinion, when expressed, is fully his own. Despite being born to a clan leader a part of him has always felt an outsider, laying on uncertain ground as his clanmates question his swelling bitterness, and he is determined to prove he deserves this place in the clan. Ragingspire has earned respect for himself, and none will try and rob him of his pride; if they do, they'll be sorry. A hard and fierce body is contained beneath a dark golden-brown tabby coat, deeper than his father Currentstrike's.

His war cries rang through the camp when he was a kit: "krah!" "mrrow!" "hassss!" He fought warrior, kit, and apprentice alike, ambushing everyone who ran past, running beneath their paws. Some hopeful warriors thought he was just working really hard and really wanted to grow up, but he enjoyed being young, and he liked playing games. He was confident, strong, and above all, healthy. He has rounded cobalt eyes with a slight haze in his left eye, just barely impairing his vision, though he did not realize this until he became an apprentice. Before then, it was assumed his clumsiness was a result of his youth. In truth this dark gray tom looks strikingly similar to a beloved elder of the clan, Sootwhisker, who was with them for many moons before he passed. But Sootwhisker bore no kits during his lifetime, so they could not be related; and yet... what else explains the similarities between this loner and the old sun guard? The truth is when Sootwhisker died he was not put to rest as he wished; he did not get to even look upon the love of his life. Instead he found his memory gone and his body restored as he was reincarnated. He did not know this was the plan to get him to be with his mate again; instead his few moments of death were filled with confusion and loss and fear. Sootstep is not interested in love in the least. He just wants to play and fight and be a good warrior. Because Sootwhisker did not know the plan, he swore he would not take a new mate in a new life, because of his love and loyalty to Reddawn. Without realizing it, he may have ruined their last chance of being together.

Fierce, honest, inspiring - he could be the envy of many warriors. He knows his own limitations and more importantly his strengths, and he is forward with his mistakes. When Jayjack makes an error, he owns up to it: he doesn't make excuses, he doesn't assign blame, he apologizes and moves on. Some cats accuse him of being arrogant, but arrogance is unearned, and every inch of his confident demeanor is supported by fact. Like all of the best warriors, he is often confronted with cruel speech about his nature: cats that claim he is too rude, too harsh, too condescending. Jayjack is a teacher, he spreads his knowledge when due, and just as he owns his mistakes he asks everyone else to do so. Excuses fire him up and anger him, lies and deceit even more so. He is a forward cat and he demands others expose their true selves as well, not hide behind a mask. His bluntness may be interpreted as rude by the offended, but it isn't his job to guard their soft hearts, he does what he must. In his heart Jayjack wants the best for his clan, and he will do what it takes to defend them. If that means exposing corruption, arguing with the feeble, defending the meek, or scolding apprentices, so be it.

His golden gaze is wise beyond his thirty-three moons, and his weighty demeanor speaks volumes of the struggles of his past: the world-weary hesitance of his smile, the patient calm in the tilt of his head, the flicker of haunt in the back of his gaze. Reflective like a one-way mirror, everything he feels is on open display in his eyes: he never learned to conceal his mirth or his shock, to edge out depression or temper anger. In this way he is faithfully honest to the end, unable to tell a lie he doesn't truly believe in, a skill that has caused him as much trouble as it has aided him. He might be trustworthy, but sometimes openly expressing his emotions can send the wrong message, and drive away cats he would rather have kept close by. The young kit that danced around the paws of his mother was left to grow without them, without his siblings, and his troubles did not ease from there; he was chased up a tree by a fox in the dawn of his time as a warrior, badly injured, and thrown to the ground to break his ribs. While he recovered, his clan suffered bouts of sickness and they were driven from their home. Trials rocked the clan and his faith in their ancestors, and he hesitantly turned his gaze outward - exploring beyond their borders, as he had once done as an apprentice, and happened upon a savior. She became his best friend and soon, he must confess, he felt more than friendship for her; he did his best to disguise it, but he is still an open book when everyone knows exactly where to look for his true feelings. Sickness rocked his clan once again and a nightmare sent him fleeing his clan until he joined the deputy of EarthClan at her home, where he began to settle uncertainly into his new life. Crownglass is wise and patient, with a calm tempered by far too many hard experiences, but despite the weary age in the lines of his face he is not so old or tired as he seems. There is still a strong spirit raging within him, a hint of humor and a powerful dedication to his new home. Leaving home did him good, and he learned to look after himself, to see his own strength and accept himself for who he was. It was the start of a long journey, but he was pleased to take it. He found a new mate in his new home, and when their clan was destroyed, he found her again so they could finish their lives together. Born to Glacticcrumble and Deal in SummerClan, Crownglass's siblings - Maria, Nebulakit, Aurorakit, and Solarkit - are all deceased with the exception of his brother Quark. He is a thick-furred ebony tom with golden eyes.

The little brother that outgrew his family, this bright-eyed, bushy-tailed young tom is playful and doesn't know his own strength. His other brothers, Wendigo and Ghost, warn him countless times to be careful, but with this much energy he can't help it. There's no settling down when you're young, and he likes to charge about the land tearing it up with his paws and yowling his joy to the skies. His big paws make him clumsy but he doesn't mind, happy to giggle and prance. Beneath his dense coat is an unknown load of strength and muscle; he has no idea that his strength outweighs his brothers, to the point it's nearly ridiculous. He won't be going down easily in a fight, quick and efficient but still with a heart. He won't take lives on purpose, though his brothers fear it is bound to happen if he doesn't control himself better. Love is an exciting concept to him and his search of it borders on obsession, examining all of his relationships to find that perfect she-cat. He's goofy and handsome — his dark pelt is a deeper-than-slate gray or black, depending on the light, with a white stripe across the bridge of his muzzle and an ash-black one down his spine that gives him his name. Accepting and understanding, secrets are well kept, that's for certain, and he doesn't mind when cats are different. Really, it just fascinated him. Some say he's never done a day of real work in his life, and they'd be right; is it really work when you love what you do so completely?

Thick dark gray fur lays in scattered curls that cling together into stiff locks when it clumps together from the snow. His fur is as haphazardly disorganized as he is; he has never been on time in his life, never knew where he was meant to be, or what he should be doing. He left Absum Lux when he was young with his brother, a thrill seeker following adventure, eager and hopeful he'd find his destiny waiting before him. Was he meant to be a great hunter, or a fearless warrior? Would stealth be his forte, or scouting? Already he knew he was not a born leader, but Harlow didn't mind, he knew he had some hidden skills to uncover. As the moon passed by he joined WinterClan and was delighted by the foreign world, the quiet of the trees and the secrets in the wind and the cool air rifling through his fur, even the melting flakes of snow his fur blends so poorly with. The cats were cold, but he was used to that, and the chill of their hearts did not discourage him. His brother Jester found a mate and settled down, and Harlow found himself falling for her for just a bit... though he knew better, he couldn't help himself, and did his best to stay away. No other she-cats were ever interested in him, he was too scattered and too childish and too average, and he was desperate. It was a stroke of fate that killed his niece, an unfortunate incident, but it did the impossible. Her death brought him closer to Frozendreams than ever, and as she fought with Jester, she fell for him as well. They were in love, starting a family, and he had everything, and then Jester had to ruin it, and as blood ran from his paws Harlow found himself lost, the love of his life dead, his brother fled, and he disowned his kits, pretended they had never belonged to him. What else could he do? He was left to watch them grow up, his heart twisted and bitter, and tried to forget. He never could. His niece Wintrystar is the leader of WinterClan and he fears the day she learns what he has done.

Proud and surprisingly down-to-earth (or at least he thinks so), Passionspell is an elegant and forward tom. He is respectful and looks down on cats from other clans, rightfully, and is often rude with his criticisms and observations without understanding why. He especially dislikes SwiftClan cats since they're underfed and rat-looking and don't seem to know it. Passionspell has long white fur, yellow eyes, and five siblings: Loveaffliction, Romancelust, Charmingdesire, Sweetkiss, and Darlingaffection.

He looks so charming with his dark fur, with a few flashes of red buried in the depths of his thick coat. This risk-taker can't say no to any other cat and is willing to do almost anything for the fun of it. His dark coat made it difficult for him to blend in with WinterClan land, but it was his family's curse and he must continue to bear it. First appearances are deceiving with Emberbrand: he's a clever cat but very emotionally aware of himself and others, but he doesn't put it to any good use. His charm goes toward stealing the ideas of other cats and convincing them to do his bidding instead of taking the time to stop being lazy and do the work himself. He wants to be the center of attention and is incredibly vain. Highly annoying, but of a prestigious bloodline - some cats argue that he's the brother of a former deputy, Hazethroat, and the grandson of a shard. Usually those rumors can be traced back to Emberbrand himself, so it's a bit of a mystery as to the truth of his origin.

Insightful yet critical, this put-together large black tom is the bane of his clanmates. He grew up confident due to his place as the biggest of his litter; he was harder to push around and found he could fend off his siblings when necessary. Ravensight was quick to grow, though by the time he reached the age of a warrior, he was only slightly above average. His strength is far from his only virtue, however: he has perceptive eyes and a clever mind. If there's anything Ravensight excels at, it's picking out what other cats try to hide and throwing it back in their faces. He likes to find weak points and vulnerabilities and exploit them. His siblings are Crowtalon, Rookflight, Jackdawcry, Magpiefrost, and Hoodiedrop.

Chim has always been thin, the flesh boiled off his bones until his skin hangs loose and limp, and the traveling life has not served him any better. Food is scarce and difficult to find when you're constantly living in the fridges on unexplored clan territory, but he wouldn't have it any other way.He used to believe it was a mistake that such a colossal failure, a shameful screw-up, could end up the leader of a clan. His whole life had been one mistake after another compiled into one large disaster… and yet he had lived on, clinging to the hope of a better life. He could never repay Violetstar for pulling him from the depths of his despair and giving him purpose, claiming he was special and leading him on to greatness. It was a sweet thought, that he might have a destiny, but one he never believed; one he still doubts to this day, despite evidence to the contrary. He's been told his life has a purpose -- that he lost his eye only once he proved himself capable, so he could see the way forward; that the ripple cough was an omen, that it wasn't an accident he was the only cat to catch it and survive only to die when it returned; that the flood that destroyed his clan was not his fault but another warning for the larger disaster headed his way, paired with the cough for emphasis. Looking back he can draw the connections, see a celestial paw shaping the events that made him…. but how can he fully invest in the idea he caused all that suffering? If he had read the signs, would he have known? Who can truly say they were meant for him? The prophet told him he would rule again after his exile, and so he does, and that is enough for Chim. He doesn't need a divine life, just a happy clan, and he is grateful and relieved to see his family safe and settled at the end of each night. Perhaps it was paranoia that drove his new habits within the clan, to focus on movement and change and communication, to help the frail and the weak and the injured find a new purpose, but he can't say he gives a rat's tail.Proud and ornery as ever, he has a lean hunger-pang frame and his bones, fighting for freedom against his skin, are nearly as sharp as his tongue. Time has not tempered his wit or his sarcasm; his heart may be gentle but that doesn’t mean he acts like it. Cats called him handsome before, though he can’t imagine anyone thought the gaping crater on the right side of his face was attractive to look upon. He used to claim it was his good side, that the ugly mass of scars masked the bitter grief. He still does not believe himself to be handsome, but at least he smiles on occasion, and the bitterness has softened to fondness. Cats see him and they think he’s serious and harsh and immovable— and they aren’t wrong, but he has a warmth inside too that he’s learning to let out. His family saw it, his friends, even his apprentices, but now he trusts his clan to feel his joy.Chim named SwiftClan, he build it from the ground up, and he knows every cat within its ranks intimately. He trusts because he knows everyone close to him. Once, he feared no cat would dare follow him, not after he failed and destroyed his old clan, and yet he isn’t alone. Chim will never understand how he can be so unlucky and yet the luckiest cat in the world at the same time, but he is extremely grateful for every cat at his side. Too gruff to say it out loud, but appreciative all the same. He has never been a fan of cats that command power, and wandering nomads are even more difficult to keep track of and command. Chim is perfectly fine with that, less centralized power suits him anyway, and he trusts his cats to take care of themselves without his governance. Instead, he walks among his cats and greets them and welcomes them, celebrates their lives and consoles their hardships, encourages their growth in his one no-nonsense way. He has never believed he’s charismatic and has always struggled to interact with everyone else, but somehow, they find the patience for him. SwiftClan is not just his friends, they’re his family now, and he will protect them at all costs. They’re all he has left.

They told her if you make a face, it might stay that way, and she’s proof of their tale. Shatteredshine’s eyes and muzzle are decorated with laughter lines where her lips pulled back and her eyes crinkled in a laugh, where her brow arched with a challenge gleaming in her sea green eyes. The fur framing her face tilts downward under the weight of invisible water that once clung to it and her whiskers are wild, bristling points sticking out in every direction. Her dark brown tabby fur often goes uncared for day after day, but quick dips of her tall frame into the river keep her looking presentable. In many ways, Shatteredshine looks like the father she never met, carrying on his broad shoulders, height, pattern, and messy outline. She has his levity too, though she earned that on her own. Shatteredshine grew up in troubled times, born while a devastating cough ravaged her home clan, then apprenticed while the clan struggled to transition between three leaders. The clan’s struggles gave her heart and determination, and she was inspired by the hope and hard work of the cats around her. Shatteredshine is optimistic about her clan and has great faith both in her neighbors and in the stars above, and this optimism allows her to remain smiling and confident in the face of politics and danger, and to share a laugh without worry or stress. She is not naïve and she understands there are large threats facing them, but she believes they can make it through if they all stick together--- because she has seen strength in her clan when they are a united family, and she fears alone they would not be so successful. She knows she is strongest when she is with her siblings, Sliprabbit, Scorchsoot, and Skiprose, and likes to spend time with them when she can. She was born to Swangrace and Deadstrike, leaving her heir to a long line of leaders: Graystar, Hawkstar, Ravenstar, Phoenixstar, Emberstar, Chimerastar, and perhaps one day, Shatteredstar.

She grew up fighting for every meal, sharing scraps with her siblings and her mother, preparing to leave her territory at any moment to find another. She had no possessions of her own, not even a nest she could claim was hers alone: in the nursery, she shared with the other kits, and SwiftClan's ragged excuse of an apprentice den left her sharing with everyone else around, even returning home some nights to find some other apprentice was already occupying the nest she'd made. It was a spare and difficult life, but she couldn't mind too much; as frustrated as she was, she didn't know any other life. If she could claim anything as her own, it was the unique experience of growing up in a struggling clan with a mother that loved her fiercer than anyone since. But everything changed for Swiftriver when she joined the apprentice exchange: she traded her familiar surroundings for an unknown land with strange cats and only her brother, Speedhawk, at her side. Cast aside by FallClan to wait until she could return home, her life may have been miserable if she hadn't kindled an unlikely friendship. Her first friend in the clan introduced her to her first crush, who gifted Swiftriver her first possession: a red rose crown. Every night, she slept with it in her nest, and one day at a time it started to change her mind. Swiftriver is adept at most warrior skills and she can hold her own in a conversation, but she doesn't have the easy charisma she reluctantly admires in other cats. Her experience in FallClan didn't end when she returned home, and it has forced her to reckon with the upsetting fact that her life in SwiftClan simply does not compare to the fantasies of her mind. Despite priding herself on being a practical cat, she can't help wondering what else might be out there. Swiftriver was born to Rushingriver and an unknown tom, and shortly after joined the clan with her siblings Speedhawk, Fastfire, and Quickstep.

A cream tabby tomcat with clover green eyes. Born to Wildrain when she was a loner, the ghost Vulcan convinced he and his siblings Jaggedpuddle, Mellownight, Scarygust, and Rarepetal to join the newly formed SwiftClan.

He lost his sanity long ago, and with it went his good heart. He is not cruel or cold, and many cats can’t tell he’s different at all, other than his strange personality, but all of the potential of his youth was gone in an instant and it left him an entirely different cat. Sparrowflight is no longer optimistic or playful, isn’t determined to serve his clan or even particularly loyal; he’s got a grim sense of humor, is extremely laid back, and almost callous to the suffering of others. He doesn’t intend to hurt anyone else and is a poor, though scrappy, fighter; he doesn’t do harm to cats, he merely doesn’t care much about preventing it either. He used to be of SpringClan, son of the leader and apprentice of the deputy, until his audacity led him to Toxicity and Chief Ozora took it all from him. He was half-dead when WinterClan found him, held him prisoner until he forgot himself and his mind broke. Lovers cane and went until a guard fell into prison beside him and became his mate, then a healer, and he was dragged out of prison and given a home until they fled to SunClan under the names of Hottie and Handsome. Sparrowflight tends to go with the flow of what Mistyrose wants and he's learned not to question her. It's better that way for the both of them.

Kits die. It is a tragedy of life that the young are injured, sick, mistreated, and perish — but it is an injustice that it happens so frequently in her own clan. She’s watched bullies descend on her friends, seen kits torn from their mothers far too early far too often, witnessed the brutal murder of her nieces and nephews; felt the agony of her own sons taken from her side and pressed into service before their time. No more. It was her silent vow, made in the quiet of the night as she fought back her grief for her lost sons for the sake of her remaining daughters; it is the anthem that hardens her heart. Let the kits of her clan become victims no longer. A lithe feline of grey and white patched silky fur, her slender frame has filled out since the birth of her litter, just as her green eyes have become lined from stress and exhaustion, and the black tip of her ear shorn with ivory. She was born to Radon and Cruz, two she-cats experimented on by twolegs, to a litter of four, and her brother Muddypelt became a spy then a leader, only to be overthrown with his kits taken and murdered. She recoiled at the image, horrified, especially when her own were due to be born shortly after, and prayed they would be safe from such cruelty. Her mate Creekghost was accursed, born of a medicine cat, and crossed clans to be with her, where his work drove him into obsession. She balanced in the edge, terrified of the future and desperate for the support of her distant husband, until the birth of their kits united them once more. It was not to last. Solsticestar smiled as she stole away her sons moons before they were set to be promoted, taking Pondpaw as her own apprentice and forcing the unwilling Firepaw to become a medicine cat, and Breezestep discovered there was room in heart to loathe another cat. She set out to become the protector of kits and a loud opponent to her leader, even as her son pleaded and threatened her for it. When their clan was destroyed she fled with her family to start over, but she fears how it will end. Breezestep is fierce, unapologetic, and angry. She is a sweet and kind she-cat but injustice has hardened her and she will not tolerate it anymore. Her clan is her family, she is the mother of their kits, and she will not let any more perish.

Pale as a ghost with dark rings under his eyes — Jezi’s quirky young son is quiet when lanky like his father. His thin white coat is patchy from his constantly itching, a nervous tick, an absent gesture, and a habitual need to scrape away the grime from his pelt and pull the bugs out from his skin. When he was a young trainee he wandered alone as a rogue and contracted a terrible case of ticks, and even moons later he still obsessively checks his ears and grooms his coat for any signs of the tiny parasites. He couldn't bear to continue living alone with a group, so he returned to the League, but he has never tried very hard to fit in with the mad monsters that live there and he's always ready to run. He has few attachments and no possessions, a drifter at heart, and he has a feeling some of his fellow hunters might turn on him when they discover his distaste for unnecessary death and blood. Lyn often finds it easy to keep other cats away: they get annoyed by his scratching, but his fleeting attention, by his vehement rejections of physical contact. He isn't even close with his siblings - Magnolia, Cason, and Haisley - or parents - Jezebelle and Akatosh - anymore, and he only spends as much time with them as necessary to retain the protection of Foxbane.

There must have been a mistake. How could such a colossal failure, a shameful screw-up, become the leader of his clan? How could the bitter old tom outlive the youthful cats StarClan chose for the clan? Chim does not being to understand the path that led him to this moment, and if he dwells on it, his guilt and fear threaten to crush him. He was never meant to be deputy, but the cat StarClan wanted chose her own path, and she perished saving two young kits. She had been chosen for a reason, to stop the rise of the tyrant Riverstar, and if she had lived he never would have overthrown Violetstar. But Chim was deputy instead, and he didn’t just allow it to happen, he caused it. His fault. His young leader had inspired him to make up for his past mistakes, so Chim left for the Regime and ended up in their prison instead. He was missing and the acting deputy, his own brother, helped hand the clan into the waiting paws of Riverwolf, helped him tear the life from Violetstar, helped him nearly doom them all. It was Chim’s mistake that left him leader and he will carry that guilt for a lifetime—just one more weight on his shoulders, already bowed and nearly crushed under his mistakes. He stole prey to save his dying clan and was exposed by a cat he looked up to; tried again and lost his eye; recklessly had a fling that resulted in kits he couldn’t bear to look at; sunk slowly into a depressed state and watched his clan burn; fell in love only to watch it taken from him again. For many moons he struggled with his guilt and slowly his leader dragged him from his own misery to make him something better, but it was too slow, too late, too wrong, and it cost her life. It was the mercy of Mercenary Evelyn to take his eye instead of his life and it was her mercy that doomed so many others. His life ended that day, and it didn’t begin until Ripple Cough devoured his clan and left behind only scraps. His family fled with only the duty-bound Guardian left behind, and yet he stayed as well - he, who had spent moon after moon of his life alone, depressed, and bitter, who spent his days slumped to the ground and unresponsive in his misery. Their butler stayed with him, and as they tended to the dead and the dying day by day, there had never been a closer bond between them. There was a silent understanding that grew between them, and impossibly, he found he loved the old toad more than he did any other, more than the brother that had left him behind, even as he struggled to grasp the monumental sacrifice Ghosttoad had made when he chose to die with Chimerahunt rather than serve his first master, Chim's older brother Dragonguard. Grim, sour, and bitter, his clan turned against him when he became deputy, and he cannot blame them for that, but it was the cats that came to his side that surprised him. As he slowly grew in support, as he took over his clan and found them accepting of his rule, Chim dared to believe in forgiveness. He had a chance at redemption and for the first time in his life someone believed in him, wanted him, listened to him. Chimerastar has grown into his ragged cloak of ginger fur. He had grown proud and strong and filled out his form so his bones are no longer visible beneath, and he looks good. Healthy. The nasty scar and gaping socket where his right eye once resided is his pretty side, lacking the bitterness and agony and doubt of the green left eye, and he would not be called handsome anymore, not for many moons. His muzzle and coat are shot with flecks of grey from age and stress and grief and his thick brows are losing their color as well. Time has taken its toll on him but for the first time in a very long time he looks a living, breathing warrior, not a skeleton propped up against the cave wall. If it wasn't for the sickness and his strange stubbornness when it came to dealing with it, if it wasn’t for Violetstar, he would have been content as an insignificant backdrop to the glory of his clan and family. For just a moment, to the remains of his clan, he was useful, and moving forward he has little choice but to accept that and begin to help his clan once again. Chim faces every task with a grim and sour outlook that drains on the mood of his companions, but none can deny he embodies the spirit of a WaterClan warrior in his own way.

Trackingdestiny was born to a pair of criminal former leaders, a secret that didn't stay hidden from him for long. He heard the stories about his father Deal, but he didn't know what to think about them; when he discovered the truth of his adopted siblings in NightClan, he was even more shocked, and how could he handle the news that his mother's ex-mate was part of a powerful dynasty? He was so close to being a strong, rich warrior, but instead he grew up in the gutters of DayClan - which are considerably nicer than the best some other clans could offer him. Yet Trackingdestiny doesn't mind that his family has its dark secrets. He's going to make his own legacy. Trackingdestiny is looking for greatness and he's going to find it. He's a cat of action, preferring to leap headfirst into problems instead of sitting around talking and worrying. He can be a rebel, defying authority when his leaders take too long to come to a decision, and he isn't afraid to stand up for his own opinion. Trackingdestiny is a fiercely independent mostly-black tom with a white face and pale blue eyes. He was born to Soaringbird and Deal.

With his neatly refined coat and articulate manner of speaking, very few cats believe he was ever the loner he claims to be. His sleek copper fur reflects auburn in the sunlight, matched by a pair of inquisitive green eyes, and flows over a limber and toned willowy body. The scars marking his body suggest the harsh life of a warrior: few rogues would have fought in so many battles, and none of them would have survived without the aid of a trained medicine cat. His left ear is split down to the base, he's missing patches of fur on his flanks and lower back leg, but the most flagrant wound is the long scar curling beneath his eye and down through the side of his throat, matched by the bite marks in his scruff. He was a SunClan warrior when he was sent out to break the first wave of defenses during a siege, and he was sent out to die. He tore his way through their ranks until the cats were pulling him down into to the dirt, and his best friend, his half-brother, sacrificed himself to save Wolfwaste. His mother saved his life then, faked his death and dragged from out of the battle and into a new clan. Was he supposed to thank her? Of the pair, he can't deny his brother was always his better half: Myriadwolf wasn't articulate or intelligent like Timesquandor, but he was pleasant to be around, optimistic and trusting. He was sweet, he believed the best in others even after he was proven wrong, and he was willing to take risks to help others. A selfish cat him Timesquandor could never understand that. He's been stuck in his old ways for so long, this selfish and judgmental tom isn't sure he can change, but for his friend he has to try. His new name is an adaptation of the old - waste for his former name Timesquandor, for the life he's wasted thus far, for the untimely death that wasted his brother's potential; wolf in memory of the best cat he's ever known - and he's determined to find new meaning in it. Perhaps he can curb his own negativity, perhaps he can put his intellect to good use, perhaps he can learn to laugh, if only he can stop looking over his shoulder. He has a long journey ahead of him, but for the first time in a long while, Wolfwaste wants to take it.